The next thing you probably wants to do after you successfully tested that your site works well with
SSL and you updated all internal URLs.
Is Redirect all HTP requests to HTP s to effectively get rid of HTP requests.
This is how you can do that in access file.
The first line turns on the rewrite engine.
If you have this line somewhere earlier in this file, you can skip it.
Then it checks the condition to rewrite only nonnative tips requests.
And finally, for matching requests, it rewrites the whole URL so that it starts with HTP s and we
are using three or one redirect which informs the client that the redirect is permanent.
Now every ATP request will be redirected to HTP s and the browser or both will receive the resource
over a secure connection also because of three or one redirect.
Search engine bods will likely update the links to HTP s and stop indexing your HTP URLs.
Now imagine a client of Exemplar Bank which has its transaction system under HTP s example bank dot
com.
Our client finds it hard to type on keyboard without looking at it.
He knows the euro transaction system so he types example bank dot com and hits enter because he's not
looking at the screen but on the keyboard.
He doesn't notice that the browser is hinting the URL from history because he only type example of bank
dot com and not htp s example bank dot com.
The browser will assume the default HTP protocol and go to htp example dot com.
If the example being used, the code we just discussed, the one that forces SSL decline would be redirected
to 80 tips and everything would be fine.
But if our client will do the same on the Hotspot Network in some public place which would be controlled
by a malicious person, their request could be forged before it reaches the server where it would normally
be redirected to HTP.
Instead, the user might be redirected to a false page looking like the original one of example bank
and might fall victim to a phishing attack.
This is a classic example of a man in the middle attack.
Because most people don't care about typing htp, semicolon, slash, slash.
These kinds of attacks could affect lots of them.
The strict transport security is an HTP response header, which you can set on your side to inform the
browser that it should use H2 tips for any subsequent request to that domain up to the defined maximum
age optionally including subdomains to.
This is doing pretty much the same as the previous solution, but this time the browser will learn for
a defined time that the site wants htp s connection and when user makes subsequent request over HTP.
The browser would change it to HTP as before sending the request anywhere.
So in our example, their request will be changed to HTP s before it reaches the malicious network,
and because of that it couldn't be forced by anyone in the middle.
In the example they shown.
The browser is expected to remember the setting for one year, which is 60 seconds or 60 minutes per
24 hours.
There are 365 days.
This is a fine choice for most cases.
To enable a strict transport security header for your site, you need to paste this code to your access
file and your goods.
If you have a certificate for subdomains to add, that includes subdomains.
Flag, of course.
Don't forget to thoroughly check your site after that.
According to the policy you just enforced, all the resources must be reachable via https to avoid missing
resources or broken links.
If you are not sure whether your site will work.
Start with short term ice age, for example, one hour or one day and see what happens.
Then change it to one week or one month.
And when you are sure that everything worked fine during that period, set it to one year.
If your page is constantly sending this HTP header on each request, the browser will refresh the max
age.
So it means that the browser will remember the setting for 365 days from the last visit.
If the user will visit your site in January, the setting will be remembered until next January.
Of course, unless the user resets the browser.
So if the user comes back in December, the strict transport security said there was still for the HTP
s connection.
Even if users and they request over HTP accidentally or not.
The strict transport security is in response harder, which means it will only be sent by a server after
a user first visited a website.
Because of that, the first ever visit via HTP is still not protected.
Remember our client over Public Hotspot Network, which happens to be a malicious network during a man
in the middle attack for all bank related sites.
If our victim opened example bank dot com there for a very first time for example on the new device,
their request could still be forced because the victim's browser on the new device has not yet received
the strict transport security header.
This is why browser producers came up with an idea of preload lists.
Those lists are then used by browsers to find out if they should convert the HTP request to HTP s before
they make a very first request so that the first request can be protected as well.
Even if this particular user's browser hasn't yet received the strict transport security header.
To subscribe your domain to preload least you would simply need to set a max age of at least one year
where two years suggested and also add the preload flag.
It's recommended to subscribe for preloading only when the whole site under your domain and all subdomains
use SSL and have no mixed content issues when you plan to use SSL and SD card for a long time.
For example, forever.
And after you thoroughly check that, your site works fine with a strict transport security.
It's easier to disable only the header than to have your site removed from browsers.
Preload lists.
These lists are populated with the browser software.
Finally, in case you would like to opt out from strict transport security, whether you should be sending
the header with max age set to zero.
This will disable the strict transport security header.
Whether to include subdomains or not depends on your policy and how actually independent these subdomains
are.
Any subdomain can send a non-zero SDR header and it will overwrite the top level domain setting.
When your site is running with SSL, one more thing you should do is protect all your cookies with a
secure flag.
It ensures the cookie will only be sent to the server over the secure connection, so it limits the
possibility of the cookie value being read in transit.